<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" template="/pages/Template.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="head">
		<link rel="canonical" href="https://www.letserasmus.com/policies" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"
			href="#{webApplication.urlPrefix}/static/css/helpcenter.css?ver=#{webApplication.staticFileVersion}" />
		<link rel="stylesheet"
			href="//code.jquery.com/ui/1.12.1/themes/base/jquery-ui.css" />
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="body">

		<div
			class="page-container page-container-responsive page-container-sm-full">
			<div class="row space-top-8 space-top-sm-2">
				<div class="col-md-2 left-menu">
					<div class="navtree dls-help-center">
						<ul class="sidenav-list navtree-list" role="navigation"
							id="navtree-0" style="display: block; left: 0px;">
							<li><a class="sidenav-item"
								onclick="showdiv('termsofservice');" href="#termsofservice">Terms
									Of Service</a></li>
							<li><a class="sidenav-item"
								onclick="showdiv('privacypolicy');" href="#privacypolicy">Privacy
									Policy</a></li>
							<li><a class="sidenav-item"
								onclick="showdiv('refundpolicy');" href="#refundpolicy">Refund
									Policy</a></li>
							<li><a class="sidenav-item" onclick="showdiv('cookies');"
								href="#cookies">Cookies </a></li>
							<li><a class="sidenav-item"
								onclick="showdiv('cancellationpolcies');"
								href="#cancellationpolcies">Cancellation Policies </a></li>
						</ul>


					</div>


				</div>

				<div id="termsofservice" class="anchor">
					<div
						class="space-top-6 space-16 text-wrap col-sm-12 col-md-9 col-lg-10">
						<h1>Terms of Service</h1>
						<p>Last updated at: March 21, 2017</p>
						<p>Let’s Erasmus provides an online marketplace for booking
							student accommodation. As such it provides booking services for
							both users (who are seeking accommodation) and accommodation
							providers (who wish to offer their accommodation to users).
							Please note that Let’s Erasmus is an online marketplace – it does
							not itself let or rent accommodation to users directly.</p>
						<p>At law, if you are a consumer, you have certain rights to
							cancel your agreement with Let’s Erasmus to receive such booking
							services within a 14 day cooling off period following your
							agreement to these terms of service (please see clause 7 for
							further details of these rights).</p>
						<p>However, by using our services to book (if you are a user)
							or accept a booking of (if you are an accommodation provider)
							accommodation during such cooling off period, you are requesting
							us to provide our services and, as a result, you will cease to
							have a right to cancel, under consumer law, from the time such
							booking is made (please see clause 7 for further details of
							this). You will still retain your contractual rights to cancel,
							which are set out in clause 11.</p>
						<p>Further, if you are using our services to book
							accommodation, you are likely to be required to pay a 1st Rental
							Payment to your accommodation provider via Let’s Erasmus (who
							will receive it on behalf of the accommodation provider and then
							send it onto them). This 1st Rental Payment is payable to your
							accommodation provider and therefore is only repayable in
							accordance with your contractual rights to cancel, which are set
							out in clause 11.</p>
						<p>
							<strong>Please read this document carefully. It contains
								important information about your rights and obligations. In
								particular, it contains:</strong>
						</p>
						<ul>
							<li>a disclaimer of warranty and a limitation of liability
								(in clause 19), which together limit our responsibilities and
								liability to users and accommodation providers;</li>
							<li>a reimbursement clause under which users (in clause
								12.9) agree to reimburse Let’s Erasmus in certain circumstances;</li>
							<li>an indemnity clause (in clause 21) under which
								accommodation providers, which are businesses, will indemnify
								Let’s Erasmus in certain circumstance.</li>
						</ul>
						<p>
							<strong>You are advised to review these provisions
								carefully before proceeding.</strong>
						</p>
						<p>
							<strong>If there is an inconsistency between any of the
								provisions of this English language version and a translated
								version, the provisions of this English language version shall
								prevail. Any translated versions of these Terms and the Terms of
								Use shall be for convenience only.</strong>
						</p>

						<h2>1. About these Terms of Service</h2>
						<p>1.1 In these Terms of Service:</p>
						<p>“1st Rental Payment” means the amount of the 1st rental
							payment due to be paid by the User to Let’s Erasmus (on behalf of
							the Accommodation Provider), as advised on the Website from time
							to time;</p>
						<p>“Accommodation” means a room, studio or other house or
							apartment offered through the Website by an Accommodation
							Provider;</p>
						<p>“Accommodation Provider” means the provider of
							Accommodation listed on the Website;</p>
						<p>“Booking Confirmation” refers to the email sent by Let’s
							Erasmus to the User and Accommodation Provider as soon as a
							Booking Request has been accepted by the relevant Accommodation
							Provider;</p>
						<p>“Booking Request” means a request to book Accommodation
							submitted by a User;</p>
						<p>“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday
							or public holiday;</p>
						<p>“Contract Start Date” means the date of commencement of the
							booking Term as specified in the relevant Booking Confirmation;</p>
						<p>“Fully Verified Accommodation” refers to Accommodation
							where the Accommodation itself and the Accommodation Provider
							have successfully completed all the possible verification steps
							as set out on the Let’s Erasmus website.</p>
						<p>“Future Payments” means all the future payments the User
							has to make directly to the Accommodation Provider (in addition
							to the 1st Rental Payment), which include any rental payments
							payable by the User to the Accommodation Provider and the
							Security Deposit;</p>
						<p>“Locations” means the cities and countries as set out on
							our Website;</p>
						<p>“Move In Date” means the date when the User moves into the
							Accommodation as specified in the relevant Booking Confirmation.</p>
						<p>“Security Deposit” means the amount that the User has to
							pay in cash to the Accommodation Provider to cover any damages
							that occur during his occupation of the Accommodation or any
							other breach by the User of the Tenancy Agreement. The deposit is
							refunded after move-out at the end of the Tenancy Agreement by
							the Accommodation Provider subject to deduction of any fee for
							damages. The Security Deposit is a matter between User and the
							Accommodation Provider and Let’s Erasmus is not involved in, and
							shall not be liable for the management of, any such deposits;</p>
						<p>“One-time Service Fee” means the amount (inclusive of VAT)
							the User pays to Let’s Erasmus in respect of its fees when a
							Booking is accepted in consideration of the Services provided by
							Let’s Erasmus to such User. It is calculated as a percentage of
							the 1st Rental Payment (as advised from time to time). This fee
							applies to the specific Accommodation displayed on the Website,
							so that if such Accommodation is a single room in a larger flat
							or house, this fee applies to the specific room you will be
							occupying and not the entire flat or house;</p>
						<p>“Services” means the facilitation of bookings of
							Accommodation by Users with Accommodation Providers by means of
							the Website;</p>
						<p>“Tenancy Agreement” means the tenancy agreement, lease or
							licence (whether or not formal and whether or not in writing)
							between the Accommodation Provider and the User in respect of the
							tenancy of the Accommodation;</p>
						<p>“Term” means the lesser of: (i) the term of the tenancy
							based on the “Contract Start” and “Contract End” date (as
							specified in the relevant Booking Confirmation); or (ii) a period
							of 12 months from the “Contract Start” date;</p>
						<p>“Let’s Erasmus Commission” is the fee (inclusive of VAT)
							that Let’s Erasmus charges the Accommodation Provider when a
							booking occurs in consideration of the Services provided by Let’s
							Erasmus to such Accommodation Provider by means of the Website.
							It is calculated as a percentage of the 1st Rental Payment (as
							advised from time to time) plus any relevant VAT charged on this
							percentage of the 1st Rental Payment. It is then deducted from
							the amount that Let’s Erasmus transfers to the Accommodation
							Provider”;</p>
						<p>
							“Let’s Erasmus”, “we” and “us” are references to <strong>Let’s
								Erasmus, Inc.</strong>;
						</p>
						<p>“User” means a user of the Website seeking Accommodation;</p>
						<p>“Website” means any website maintained by Let’s Erasmus
							including without limitation the websites at www.letserasmus.com,
							and its subdomains, any associated social networking profiles and
							any applications for mobile devices that Let’s Erasmus may
							publish from time to time; and</p>
						<p>“You” means a User or an Accommodation Provider (as
							applicable).</p>
						<p>1.2 These Terms of Service set out the terms on which we
							offer the Services and provide the Website and on which you agree
							to use the Services provided by us and the Website maintained by
							us.</p>
						<p>1.3 Please read these Terms of Service carefully and make
							sure that you understand them before using the Services or the
							Website. If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, you must
							cease use of the Services and Website immediately.</p>

						<h2>2. Acceptance of Terms of Service</h2>
						<p>2.1 By registering to use the Services and/or the Website
							on the Website and/or by requesting Let’s Erasmus to create
							listings of Accommodation for you, you accept and agree to be
							bound by these Terms of Service. These Terms of Service are only
							published in, and valid in, the English language.</p>
						<p>2.2 We may at any time modify these Terms of Service. We
							will notify you of any significant changes to these Terms of
							Service either by emailing you (at the email address entered by
							you into any form on the Website) in advance of the changes
							coming into effect giving you the right to cancel the contract if
							you do not agree to them. By continuing to use the Services
							and/or the Website following the expiry of any right to cancel,
							you agree to be bound by such changes. You can review the most
							current version of our Terms of Service at any time by clicking
							on the "Policies" link located at the bottom of the Website.</p>

						<h2>3. What is the Website?</h2>
						<p>3.1 The Website is an electronic platform enabling Users to
							browse, search and book Accommodation at the Locations and
							enables Accommodation Providers to advertise Accommodation to
							Users. Bookings can be made for short or long terms ranging from
							1 month upwards.</p>
						<p>3.2 Let’s Erasmus provides booking services to Users and
							Accommodation Providers, but it does not offer Accommodation to
							Users on its behalf. Any Tenancy Agreement shall be entered into
							between the User and the Accommodation Provider directly. Let’s
							Erasmus will not be a party to such Tenancy Agreement and will
							have no rights or obligations arising out of it.</p>

						<h2>4. Information Displayed on the Website</h2>
						<p>4.1 The Website contains information, images and prices of
							Accommodation as well as information relating to the Location of
							the Accommodation.</p>
						<p>4.2 Let’s Erasmus tries hard to ensure that all information
							published on the Website is clear, accurate, complete and not
							misleading. We also try to ensure that only Accommodation that
							meets certain standards of cleanliness, decor, building safety
							and finish, facilities and customer service are listed on the
							Website. However, as we do not provide the Accommodation, we
							cannot guarantee this.</p>
						<p>4.3 Let’s Erasmus relies on Accommodation Providers to
							provide appropriate accurate information and to keep such
							information updated. We do not verify the accuracy or currency of
							any information uploaded or provided to us by Accommodation
							Providers unless we have expressly stated that we do. If you are
							an Accommodation Provider, you acknowledge and agree that you are
							solely responsible for the content of the information uploaded or
							provided to us in respect of any Accommodation offered on the
							Website.</p>
						<p>4.4 If you are an Accommodation Provider, you must check
							the relevant listing information of any Accommodation offered by
							you on the Website including (but not limited to) its price,
							availability, and facilities before accepting any Booking Request
							sent to you via Let’s Erasmus.</p>
						<p>4.5 If you are a User, you acknowledge and agree that we
							will have no liability in respect of any information uploaded to
							the Website or provided to us by an Accommodation Provider about
							the Accommodation and that your proper remedy in respect of any
							loss or damage you may suffer arising out of or in connection
							with the information displayed in respect of the Accommodation is
							against the relevant Accommodation Provider.</p>
						<p>4.6 We reserve the right to remove without notice all or
							any part of any Accommodation listed on the Website in respect of
							which we receive a complaint (or otherwise conclude) that it is
							out of date, inaccurate or breaches the rights of a third party.
							We will use reasonable efforts to process and act on such
							complaints reasonably and promptly.</p>
						<p>4.7 Users are advised to read any documentation carefully
							and ensure that they understand the cost of the Accommodation
							(i.e. the rent and any other costs) and the terms and duration of
							the Tenancy Agreement and any restrictions on the usage to which
							the Accommodation can be put.</p>

						<h2>5. Booking Accommodation</h2>
						<p>5.1 Users are able to submit a Booking Request for
							Accommodation through the Website. The User must select the dates
							and Accommodation that user wishes to book and then click the
							“Request to Book” button.</p>
						<p>5.2 The User warrants that user is of legal age to enter
							into a contract such as a Tenancy Agreement in the country where
							the Accommodation is located and acknowledges that, if the User
							is in breach of this warranty, then Let’s Erasmus shall be
							entitled to retain any Service Fee that has been paid by the User
							as compensation for breach of this warranty by the User. It is
							the User’s responsibility to check that user can legally contract
							with the Accommodation Provider.</p>
						<p>5.3 The User will be asked to complete certain personal
							details and provide payment details for the 1st Rental Payment,
							One-time Service Fee in respect of the Booking Request. The User
							will receive an email confirming that a Booking Request has been
							submitted.</p>
						<p>5.4 The system creates an authorization for the 1st Rental
							Payment, One-time Service Fee, but does not draw the funds.</p>
						<p>5.5 On acceptance of the authorization by the Accommodation
							Provider, Let’s Erasmus makes an introduction of the User to the
							Accommodation Provider selected by the User. The User’s card will
							only be charged after the Accommodation Provider has accepted the
							Booking Request in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and
							thereby giving rise to a booking.</p>

						<h2>6. Confirmation of a Booking</h2>
						<p>6.1 The Accommodation Provider can accept or reject the
							Booking Request. If the Booking Request is rejected, Let’s
							Erasmus will promptly notify the User and immediately cancel the
							authorization for the 1st Rental Payment, One-time Service Fee
							and will make reasonable efforts to suggest other suitable
							properties. If the Accommodation Provider accepts the Booking
							Request, Let’s Erasmus will process the payment in respect of the
							1st Rental Payment, the One-time Service Fee. Let’s Erasmus will
							promptly notify the User, by email, once a Booking Request has
							been accepted or rejected by the Accommodation Provider
							(including if the Accommodation Provider cancels in accordance
							with these terms). If the Booking Request has been accepted, an
							acceptance email will be sent to both parties setting out the
							next steps.</p>
						<p>6.2 Once a booking has been accepted it is the User’s
							responsibility to:</p>
						<p>(a) comply with any further requirements that the
							Accommodation Provider may have. This may include (but not be
							limited to) the provision of character references and/or
							guarantor information. This information can also be required by
							the Accommodation Provider before accepting the Booking Request,
							in such cases the User will be informed that such information
							will be required; and</p>
						<p>(b) stay in the relevant Accommodation throughout the Term,
							comply with the Tenancy Agreement, and to make, promptly and in
							full, all payments to Let’s Erasmus and to the</p>
						<p>Accommodation Provider as may be required by these Terms of
							Service or the Tenancy Agreement, as the case may be.</p>
						<p>6.3 The Accommodation Provider agrees that once it accepts
							a Booking Request it accepts and is bound to offer the relevant
							Accommodation for the dates, and at the price stated on the
							Booking Request and, further, that the property details,
							condition and facilities of the Accommodation are not materially
							different from those stated on the Let’s Erasmus listing. Failure
							to do so may result in complaints and cancellation by the User
							(who may be entitled to a full refund).</p>

						<h2>7. Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and
							Additional Charges) Regulations 2013</h2>
						<p>7.1 Subject to clauses 7.3 and 7.4, if you are a consumer,
							you have a legal right to cancel your agreement with us to
							provide the Services at any time during the 14 days after you
							have first accepted these Terms of Service in accordance with
							clause 2.</p>
						<p>7.2 To cancel your agreement with us to provide the
							Services, you just need to let Let’s Erasmus know that you have
							decided to cancel. You may use a copy of the form which is
							located at the back of these Terms of Service as a Schedule to do
							so. If you use this method, Let’s Erasmus will e-mail you to
							confirm it has received your cancellation.</p>
						<p>7.3 If you make or accept a Booking Request within the 14
							day cancellation period set out above, then you have requested
							Let’s Erasmus to provide its Services during such 14 day
							cancellation period and accordingly you will lose your statutory
							right to cancel your agreement with Let’s Erasmus to provide the
							Services once the Booking Request is accepted in accordance with
							clause 6, at which point the One-time Service Fee (if applicable)
							will be payable in accordance with these Terms of Service. Your
							contractual rights to cancel, as set out in clause 11, will still
							apply.</p>
						<p>7.4 In any event, cancellation of the agreement with Let’s
							Erasmus to provide the Services shall have no effect on any
							Tenancy Agreement that may have been or will be entered into.</p>
						<p>7.5 Any payment that is paid by the User to Let’s Erasmus
							on behalf of the Accommodation Provider under, or in connection
							with, a Tenancy Agreement (including the 1st Rental Payment) will
							be held on trust by Let’s Erasmus for the Accommodation Provider
							and will only be repaid to the User in accordance with clause 11.</p>

						<h2>8. The 1st Rental Payment</h2>
						<p>8.1 The 1st Rental Payment is a contractual reservation fee
							payable by the User to Let’s Erasmus, which will receive it on
							behalf of the Accommodation Provider and hold it on trust for the
							Accommodation Provider.</p>
						<p>8.2 Within two Business Days of the Move-In Date, unless
							otherwise agreed in writing with Let’s Erasmus, Let’s Erasmus
							shall pay to the Accommodation Provider, subject to deductions
							for the Let’s Erasmus Commission, the 1st Rental Payment.</p>
						<p>8.3 Let’s Erasmus is not a member of any deposit protection
							scheme in respect of such 1st Rental Payments and will not be
							holding any damages deposit or performance deposit for the
							Accommodation Provider which they request from the User.</p>

						<h2>9. Tenancy Agreement</h2>
						<p>9.1 The Tenancy Agreement only comes into effect when the
							Accommodation Provider and the User agree the terms for the
							occupation of the Accommodation. The Tenancy Agreement shall be
							entered between a User and an Accommodation Provider and for the
							avoidance of doubt, Let’s Erasmus shall not be a party to such
							agreement.</p>
						<p>9.2 Let’s Erasmus shall not be responsible or liable for
							any failure or deficiency in the performance of the Tenancy
							Agreement by the Accommodation Provider and/or for any defect in
							any Accommodation provided by the Accommodation Provider.</p>
						<p>9.3 Let’s Erasmus shall not be responsible or liable for
							any failure or deficiency in performance of any contract by the
							User, including, but not limited to, changes in move in date
							and/or move-out dates. The Accommodation Provider has the
							mechanisms to enforce any pre-agreed details (including move-in
							date and move-out dates) with the User and thus, no additional
							payment or refund shall be or ever become due from Let’s Erasmus
							to the Accommodation Provider.</p>

						<h2>10. Move in Date</h2>
						<p>On the date set out in the relevant Booking Confirmation,
							the User will move into the Accommodation. All Future Payments
							will be made directly to the Accommodation Provider. For any
							further clarification, the user should contact the Accommodation
							Provider.</p>

						<h2>11. Cancellations</h2>
						<p>11.1 In addition to and subject to the User’s rights to
							cancel under clause 7, a User may also cancel the booking in
							accordance with the cancellation policy chosen by the
							Accommodation Provider and as set out below.</p>
						<p>11.2 Accommodation Providers may select ONE of the
							following cancellation policies while listing accommodation. Once
							they have made a selection, this policy will be in effect for all
							future bookings. The Accommodation Provider gives Let’s Erasmus
							irrevocable authority to commit the Accommodation Provider to the
							selected cancellation policy, to process (and if necessary
							refund) any 1st Rental Payment, and apply Let’s Erasmus
							Commission, in the manner set out below.</p>
						<p>11.3 A User is permitted to cancel in the following
							circumstances and according to the following terms:</p>
						<p>(a) after a booking has been made and a Tenancy Agreement
							has been entered into in accordance with clause 9.1 and/or the
							User moved into the Accommodation, it cannot be cancelled except
							pursuant to the termination provisions contained in such Tenancy
							Agreement.</p>
						<p>(b) Cancellation Policy: Flexible: before the Tenancy
							Agreement has been entered into by the User and Accommodation
							Provider but after the Accommodation Provider has accepted the
							Booking Request and after the User has made the 1st Rental
							Payment if the User notifies Let’s Erasmus that user wishes to
							cancel:</p>
						<p>(i) less than 15 days prior to the Contract Start Date, no
							refund will be due in respect of the 1st Rental Payment (and the
							booking will be cancelled);</p>
						<p>(ii) between 15 days and 30 days prior to the Contract
							Start Date, Let’s Erasmus will refund 50% of the 1st Rental
							Payment (and the booking will be cancelled); and,</p>
						<p>(iii) more than 30 days prior to the Contract Start Date,
							Let’s Erasmus will refund 100% of the 1st Rental Payment (and the
							booking will be cancelled).</p>
						<p>With respect to clause 11.3(b)(i), the Accommodation
							Provider shall, in case of cancellation, receive the balance of
							the 1st Rental Payment after Let’s Erasmus’ Commission has been
							deducted and with respect to clause 11.3(b)(ii), the
							Accommodation Provider shall, in case of cancellation, receive
							50% of the 1st Rental Payment after Let’s Erasmus’ Commission has
							been deducted.</p>
						<p>(c) Cancellation Policy: Moderate: before the Tenancy
							Agreement has been entered into by the User and Accommodation
							Provider but after the Accommodation Provider has accepted the
							Booking Request and after the User has made the 1st Rental
							Payment if the User notifies Let’s Erasmus that user wishes to
							cancel:</p>
						<p>(i) less than 30 days prior to the Contract Start Date, no
							refund will be due in respect of the 1st Rental Payment (and the
							booking will be cancelled);</p>
						<p>(ii) between 30 days and 60 days prior to the Contract
							Start Date, Let’s Erasmus will refund 50% of the 1st Rental
							Payment (and the booking will be cancelled); and</p>
						<p>(iii) more than 60 days prior to the Contract Start Date,
							Let’s Erasmus will refund 100% of the 1st Rental Payment (and the
							booking will be cancelled).</p>
						<p>With respect to clause 11.3.(c)(i), the Accommodation
							Provider shall, in case of cancellation, receive the 1st Rental
							Payment that is left after Let’s Erasmus’ Commission has been
							deducted and with respect to clause 11.3.(c)(ii), the
							Accommodation Provider shall, in case of cancellation, receive
							50% of the 1st Rental Payment that is left after Let’s Erasmus’
							Commission has been deducted.</p>
						<p>(d) Cancellation Policy: Strict: before the Tenancy
							Agreement has been entered into by the User and Accommodation
							Provider but after the Accommodation Provider has accepted the
							Booking Request and after the User has made the 1st Rental
							Payment if the User notifies Let’s Erasmus that user wishes to
							cancel:</p>
						<p>(i) less than 30 days prior to the Contract Start Date, no
							refund will be due in respect of the 1st Rental Payment (and the
							booking will be cancelled);</p>
						<p>(ii) between 30 days and 90 days prior to the Contract
							Start Date, Let’s Erasmus will refund 50% of the 1st Rental
							Payment (and the booking will be cancelled); and</p>
						<p>(iii) more than 90 days prior to the Contract Start Date,
							Let’s Erasmus will refund 100% of the 1st Rental Payment (and the
							booking will be cancelled).</p>
						<p>With respect to clause 11.3.(d)(i), the Accommodation
							Provider shall, in case of cancellation, receive the 1st Rental
							Payment that is left after Let’s Erasmus’ commission has been
							deducted and with respect to clause 11.3.(d)(ii), the
							Accommodation Provider shall, in case of cancellation, receive
							50% of the 1st Rental Payment that is left after Let’s Erasmus’
							Commission has been deducted.</p>
						<p>11.4 For the avoidance of doubt, if a booking is cancelled
							by a User in accordance with this clause 11, Let’s Erasmus will
							not refund the One-time Service Fee.</p>

						<h2>12. Your Conduct</h2>
						<p>12.1 In making any Booking Request and authorizing the
							One-time Service Fee, 1st Rental Payment in respect of selected
							Accommodation, the User agrees that it shall not seek to
							circumvent Let’s Erasmus by trying to make (or in fact making) a
							booking with the Accommodation Provider directly and notifying us
							that you have decided not to make a booking.</p>
						<p>12.2 In using the Website and/or the Services and/or
							accepting any introduction of a User in respect of selected
							Accommodation, the Accommodation Provider agrees that it shall
							not seek to circumvent Let’s Erasmus by trying to make (or in
							fact making) a booking with the User directly and notifying us
							that the User has decided not to make a booking.</p>
						<p>12.3 By downloading and/or using the Website, you agree not
							to upload, post, email or otherwise send or transmit any material
							that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms or any other computer
							code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit
							the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
							telecommunications equipment associated with the Services or
							Website.</p>
						<p>12.4 You agree and undertake to keep your username and
							password confidential, not to disclose your password to any other
							person and not to permit any other person to log in to the
							Website using your username and password.</p>
						<p>12.5 You agree not to interfere with the servers or
							networks connected to the Website or to violate any of the
							procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the
							Website, including these Terms of Service. You also agree not to:</p>
						<p>(a) attempt to reverse engineer or sell, export, license,
							modify, copy, distribute or transmit the Website to any third
							party, or jeopardize the correct functioning of the Website, or
							otherwise attempt to derive the source code of the software
							(including the tools, methods, processes and infrastructure) that
							enables or underlies the Website;</p>
						<p>(b) attempt to gain access to secured portions of the
							Website to which you do not possess access rights;</p>
						<p>(c) impersonate any other person while using the Services
							or Website;</p>
						<p>(d) conduct yourself in a vulgar, offensive, harassing or
							objectionable manner while using the Website;</p>
						<p>(e) resell or export the software associated with the
							Website;</p>
						<p>(f) use the Website to generate unsolicited advertisements
							or spam; or</p>
						<p>(g) use any automatic or manual process to search or
							harvest information from the Website, or to interfere in any way
							with the proper functioning of the Website.</p>

						<h2>13. Let’s Erasmus’ Rights</h2>
						<p>In providing you with access to the Website, Let’s Erasmus
							reserves the following rights, and in accessing, browsing or
							otherwise using the Website you grant to Let’s Erasmus and agree
							that Let’s Eramus shall have the following rights:</p>
						<p>13.1 the right to refuse or withdraw your access to the
							Website in accordance with applicable laws for any reason at any
							time (with or without notice) if in Let’s Erasmus’ sole and
							absolute discretion you violate or breach any of these Terms of
							Service;</p>
						<p>13.2 the right to suspend, amend or disable your profile
							without giving you notice or any reason;</p>
						<p>13.3 the right to amend or update the Website, fees,
							billing methods or these Terms of Service from time to time; and</p>
						<p>13.4 the right to report you to the police or other
							judicial body if Let’s Erasmus believes in its sole and absolute
							discretion that your conduct (whether in using the Website, our
							Services or otherwise) is unlawful.</p>

						<h2>14. Intellectual Property</h2>
						<p>14.1 Let’s Erasmus and/or its licensor(s) are the sole
							owners of the Website, which includes any software, domains, and
							content made available through the Website. The Website is
							protected by U.S. and International copyright and other
							intellectual property laws.</p>
						<p>14.2 Without limitation, this means that you may not sell,
							export, license, modify, copy, distribute or transmit the Website
							(or any part of it) or any material provided through the Website
							without Let’s Erasmus’ prior express written consent.</p>
						<p>14.3 We grant you a royalty free, non-exclusive,
							non-transferable, revocable, worldwide license to use our
							intellectual property rights in the Services and the Website
							solely to the extent necessary to allow you to participate in the
							Service. Any unauthorized use of the Website will result in the
							automatic termination of the limited license granted by us. Let’s
							Erasmus reserves the right to terminate the limited license
							without notice at any time following an unauthorized use by you
							of the Website.</p>
						<p>14.4 Let’s Erasmus and its graphics, logos, icons and
							service names related to the Website are registered and
							unregistered trademarks or trade dress of Let’s Erasmus. They may
							not be used without Let’s Erasmus’ prior express written
							permission.</p>
						<p>14.5 You agree that Let’s Erasmus owns the copyright for
							any content, whether textual, graphic, photographic or video,
							that it creates and publishes on its Website and you must not
							sell, export, license, modify, copy, distribute or transmit this
							content to any third party.</p>
						<p>14.6 You grant Let’s Erasmus a royalty free, non-exclusive,
							non-transferable, irrevocable, worldwide license to use your
							intellectual property rights solely to the extent necessary to
							allow Let’s Erasmus to provide the Services to you. For clarity,
							such use might include such matters as displaying your name and
							logo next to an Accommodation listing, or providing a link to
							your website.</p>
						<p>14.7 Additionally, you grant us a royalty free,
							non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable during the term of
							this Agreement, worldwide license to use your intellectual
							property rights in your name, logo and brand get-up (your
							“Brand”) for the purposes of promoting the Service by means of
							referring on the Website and in our public statements and
							publicity material to the fact of your participation in the
							Service, provided that in doing so we use reasonable efforts to
							ensure that we do not do anything which damages the goodwill in
							your Brand.</p>
						<p>14.8. You shall reimburse us on demand in respect of any
							costs, damages or expenses that might arise as a result of, or in
							connection with, any alleged or actual infringement of any third
							party's intellectual property or other rights, arising out of
							Let’s Erasmus’ use of information submitted by you on the
							Website.</p>

						<h2>15. Security</h2>
						<p>Whilst we have implemented commercially reasonable
							technical and organizational measures to secure your personal
							information and user content from unauthorized use, we cannot
							guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to
							defeat those measures. You acknowledge that you provide your
							personal information and user content at your own risk.</p>

						<h2>16. Electronic Communications</h2>
						<p>By downloading and/or using the Website and/or material
							provided through the Website, you consent to receiving electronic
							communications and notices from Let’s Erasmus. You agree that any
							notice, agreement, disclosure or other communications that we
							send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication
							requirements, including that such communications be in writing.
							You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data
							for such marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to
							prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we
							use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any
							time by contacting us.</p>

						<h2>17. Privacy</h2>
						<p>You provide us with information when you register on the
							Website. We also collect information both relating to you (for
							example on your usage history and your preferences for certain
							kinds of offer) and to users of the Website and the Services in
							general. Any information that you submit or that we collect when
							you are using the Website or Services is subject to our Cookie
							Policy the terms of which are hereby incorporated into these
							Terms of Service.</p>

						<h2>18. Use of Information Submitted</h2>
						<p>18.1 You agree that Let’s Erasmus is free to use comments,
							information (except personal information) or ideas contained in
							any communication you may send to Let’s Erasmus without
							compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you for any purpose
							whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing,
							manufacturing and marketing products and services and creating,
							modifying or improving the Services or Website or other products
							or services. For the avoidance of doubt, all such information
							will be deemed by Let’s Erasmus to be non-confidential and
							non-proprietary, and you agree that such information may be used
							by us without any limitation whatsoever.</p>
						<p>18.2 You agree that any information published by you on the
							Website may be public information and that other users of the
							Website will be able to view and comment on such information. You
							can classify some information as public information and some
							information as private information. Public information will
							appear on your profile page.</p>
						<p>18.3 You agree that Let’s Erasmus is free to republish and
							make use of any information, including but not limited to, text
							and images that you publish on the Website. Our use may include,
							but is not limited to, reposting your Accommodation listing on
							other websites. You agree that Let’s Erasmus has the right not to
							acknowledge you as the source of such information and/ or creator
							of such content. In general however, we will make an attempt to
							provide a link back to your page when posting content on other
							third party sites. You hereby irrevocably waive all your moral
							rights to any content posted by you on the Website. You confirm
							that you have all necessary rights and consents to share any such
							information that may be owned by a third party which you may post
							on the Website.</p>

						<h2>19. No Warranty &amp; Liability Limit</h2>
						<p>Let’s Erasmus provides the Services and Website "as is" and
							without any warranty or condition, whether express, implied or
							statutory. Unless you are a consumer, Let’s Erasmus specifically
							disclaims any implied warranties of title, merchantability, or
							fitness for a particular purpose. Let’s Erasmus specifically
							disclaims any implied warranties for non-infringement. Let’s
							Erasmus assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or
							omissions in the Website or provision of the Services; any
							failures, delays or interruptions in the Website; any losses or
							damages arising from the use of the Services or Website; any
							conduct by users of the Services or Website; or any liability of
							an Accommodation Provider under the Immigration Act 2014 arising
							from the immigration status of any User. We reserve the right to
							deliver the Services and Website in our sole and absolute
							discretion.</p>
						<p>19.1 This clause 19.1 only applies if you are a business
							and not a consumer. Subject to clause 19.4, Let’s Erasmus, its
							shareholders, directors, officers, employees or agents shall not
							be liable (jointly or severally) to you for:</p>
						<p>(a) loss of profits, business or revenue;</p>
						<p>(b) loss or corruption of data, information or software;</p>
						<p>(c) loss of business opportunity;</p>
						<p>(d) loss of anticipated savings;</p>
						<p>(e) loss of goodwill; or</p>
						<p>(f) any indirect or consequential loss, arising out of or
							in connection with the Services and/or Website or these Terms of
							Service, and whether or not advised of the possibility of damage.</p>
						<p>19.2 This clause 19.2 only applies if you are a consumer.
							If Let’s Erasmus fails to comply with these Terms of Service,
							Let’s Erasmus is responsible for loss or damage you suffer that
							is a foreseeable result of Let’s Erasmus’ breach of these Terms
							of Service or our negligence, but Let’s Erasmus is not
							responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss
							or damage is foreseeable if it is an obvious consequence of our
							breach or if it was contemplated by you and Let’s Erasmus at the
							time we entered into this contract. Let’s Erasmus provides the
							Services for domestic and private use. Let’s Erasmus has no
							liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business,
							business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.</p>
						<p>19.3 Let’s Erasmus does not seek to exclude liability for
							death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for fraud
							or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Let’s Erasmus.</p>
						<p>19.4 From time to time you may use or access services,
							promotions and websites of third parties (including without
							limitation Accommodation Providers). In using or accessing third
							party services, promotions and websites, you agree to be bound by
							the terms of service of such third parties governing their
							services, promotions and websites and hereby acknowledge that we
							shall not be responsible for the provision of services, accuracy
							of promotions or content of websites belonging or operated by
							third parties.</p>
						<p>19.5 From time to time Let’s Erasmus may run promotions or
							incentives for the benefit of our Website visitors, potential
							customers and customers. Let’s Erasmus reserves the right to
							modify or remove these promotions at any time and may cancel any
							benefits or monetary payments owed to people who have not yet
							redeemed part or all of the benefit owed to them under the
							promotion.</p>
						<p>19.6 You acknowledge and agree that Let’s Erasmus is not
							responsible for the accuracy of any information published on the
							Website by users and does not warrant that any information
							appearing on the Website is accurate, true or complete. Let’s
							Erasmus specifically excludes liability for any loss, harm,
							distress or damage suffered by you or any third party as a result
							of inaccurate information appearing on the Website.</p>
						<p>19.7 If any applicable authority holds any portion of this
							section to be unenforceable, then liability will be limited to
							the fullest possible extent permitted by applicable law.</p>

						<h2>20. Indemnity</h2>
						<p>If you are a business, you agree to indemnify and hold
							Let’s Erasmus and its related companies, and each of their
							respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents,
							merchant partners and professional affiliates harmless from and
							against any third-party claim or cause of action, including
							reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs, arising, directly or
							indirectly, out of your use of the Services and/or Website or
							your violation of any law or the rights of any third party.</p>

						<h2>21. Disputes</h2>
						<p>21.1 You agree that these Terms of Service and any claim,
							dispute or controversy arising out of in connection with these
							Terms of Service or their subject matter or formation (including
							non-contractual disputes or claims), the Services, the Website,
							Let’s Erasmus’ advertising or any related transaction between you
							and Let’s Erasmus shall be governed by and construed in
							accordance with U.S. law.</p>
						<p>21.2 Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection
							with such matters (including non-contractual disputes or claims)
							will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of
							Delaware, U.S.</p>

						<h2>22. Termination</h2>
						<p>Let’s Erasmus may change or discontinue the Services and/or
							Website at any time without prior notice. We reserve the right to
							terminate these Terms of Service for any reason, without notice,
							and these Terms of Service shall automatically terminate in the
							event that you violate any of the Terms of Service set forth
							herein (without prejudice to our accumulated rights against you).
							In the event of any termination, you will immediately cease use
							of the Services and Website.</p>

						<h2>23. General</h2>
						<p>23.1 These Terms of Service are agreed between you and us.
							No person shall have any rights under or in connection with these
							Terms of Service under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties)
							Act 1999.</p>
						<p>23.2 If any court or competent authority decides that any
							term of these Terms of Service is held to be invalid, unlawful or
							unenforceable to any extent, such term shall, to that extent
							only, be severed from the remaining terms, which shall continue
							to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.</p>
						<p>23.3 Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way
							define, limit, construe or describe the extent or scope of such
							section.</p>
						<p>23.4 Our failure to enforce any provision of these Terms of
							Service shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other
							provision and will not relieve you from the obligation to comply
							with such provision.</p>
						<p>23.5 You are not permitted to assign, transfer, charge,
							sub-contract or deal in any other manner with all or any of your
							rights under these Terms of Service without our prior express
							written consent.</p>
						<p>23.6 These Terms of Service and Cookie Policy constitute
							the entire agreement between you and Let’s Erasmus and supersede
							and extinguish all previous agreements, promises, assurances,
							warranties, representations and understanding between us, whether
							written or oral, relating to its subject matter.</p>

						<h2>24. Payment Services</h2>
						<p>Let's Erasmus uses third party payment processing services,
							by using Let's Erasmus you agree to below details.</p>
						<p>
							Payment processing services for places in <strong>Australia,
								Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France,
								Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico,
								Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Singapore, Spain,
								Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, and United States</strong> on Let's
							Erasmus are provided by Stripe and are subject to the <a
								href="https://stripe.com/us/connect-account/legal"
								target="_blank">Stripe Connected Account Agreement</a>, which
							includes the <a href="https://stripe.com/us/legal"
								target="_blank">Stripe Terms of Service</a> (collectively, the
							“Stripe Services Agreement”). By agreeing to these terms or
							continuing to operate as a user on Let's Erasmus, you agree to be
							bound by the Stripe Services Agreement, as the same may be
							modified by Stripe from time to time. As a condition of Let's
							Erasmus enabling payment processing services through Stripe, you
							agree to provide Let's Erasmus accurate and complete information
							about you and your business, and you authorize Let's Erasmus to
							share it and transaction information related to your use of the
							payment processing services provided by Stripe.
						</p>
						<p>
							Payment processing services for places in <strong>Bulgaria,
								Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece, Hungary,
								Iceland, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Malta, Poland,
								Romania, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, and Turkey</strong> on Let's Erasmus
							are provided by BlueSnap and are subject to the <a
								href="http://home.bluesnap.com/ecommerce/legal/terms_and_conditions"
								target="_blank">BlueSnap Terms &amp; Conditions</a>, <a
								href="http://home.bluesnap.com/ecommerce/legal/privacy-policy"
								target="_blank">BlueSnap Privacy Policy</a> and <a
								href="http://home.bluesnap.com/ecommerce/legal/refund-policy"
								target="_blank">BlueSnap Refund Policy</a>. By agreeing to these
							terms or continuing to operate as a user on Let's Erasmus, you
							agree to be bound by the BlueSnap Policies, as the same may be
							modified by BlueSnap from time to time. As a condition of Let's
							Erasmus enabling payment processing services through BlueSnap,
							you agree to provide Let's Erasmus accurate and complete
							information about you and your business, and you authorize Let's
							Erasmus to share it and transaction information related to your
							use of the payment processing services provided by BlueSnap.
						</p>


						<h2>25. Contact Us</h2>
						<p>Let’s Erasmus, Inc. is a company registered in Delaware,
							U.S.</p>
						<p>
							For more information about how to contact Let’s Erasmus, please
							contact us through <a href="mailto:support@letserasmus.com"
								target="_top">support@letserasmus.com</a>.
						</p>



					</div>
				</div>


				<div id="privacypolicy" class="anchor">
					<div
						class="space-top-6 space-16 text-wrap col-sm-12 col-md-9 col-lg-10">
						<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
						<p>Last updated at: March 21, 2017</p>
						<h2>1. Introduction</h2>
						<p>1.1. We are LET’S ERASMUS, INC. (referred to as "we", “us”
							and “Let’s Erasmus”) and we are committed to protecting and
							respecting your privacy when you are visiting any website
							maintained by us including without limitation the website at
							www.letserasmus.com and our social networking pages and any
							application for mobile devices (together the “Website”), as we
							may publish and operate from time to time or communicating
							electronically with us, or attending an event organized by us (or
							on our behalf).</p>
						<p>1.2. This policy, together with the Terms of Service (which
							can be found at the bottom of the Website at www.letserasmus.com)
							explains what types of personal and non-personal information we
							collect when you use the Website and the basis on which any
							personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to
							us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully
							to understand our views and practices regarding your personal
							information and how we will treat it. By disclosing your personal
							information to us by using the Website, speaking to us over the
							telephone or attending an event organized by us (or on our
							behalf) you consent to the collection, storage and processing of
							your personal information as stated in this policy.</p>
						<p>1.3. Let’s Erasmus uses the personal information we collect
							from you to provide our service to you. We will not rent, sell or
							share your personal information with any other company for its
							own marketing purposes without your consent except where
							mentioned in this policy.</p>
						<p>1.4. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the
							“Act”), the data controller is LET’S ERASMUS, INC. of c/o Let’s
							Erasmus, Inc., 22 Upper Ground, 8th Floor, London, SE1 9PD which
							is registered with the ICO with registered number: ZA000143.</p>

						<h2>2. What personal information do we collect?</h2>
						<p>2.1. When you register for the various services provided by
							the Website, update your registration, social media or payment
							details or otherwise use or register to use our services or agree
							to act as a Guarantor or emergency contact, contact our customer
							services team, or report a problem with our site, certain of your
							personal information is collected by us. In addition you may give
							us information when you correspond with us by phone, e-mail or
							otherwise. We may collect, store and use the following kinds of
							personal information:</p>
						<p>(a) your name, address, email address, telephone number,
							fax number, username and password;</p>
						<p>(b) material submitted by you to us including without
							limitation answers to questions on surveys or registration forms;</p>
						<p>(c) payment information collected from you including
							without limitation credit and debit card numbers, financial
							institutions and credit card expiry dates;</p>
						<p>(d) any other information from which you can be identified
							and which you may disclose to us at any time; and</p>
						<p>(e) information gathered from your usage of the website,
							particularly information about your accommodation preferences if
							you are a student and information about your properties if you
							are an accommodation provider.</p>
						<p>2.2. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may
							automatically collect the following information:</p>
						<p>(a) technical information including the Internet protocol
							(IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your
							login information, browser type and version, time zone setting,
							browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and
							platform; and</p>
						<p>(b) information about your visit, including the Uniform
							Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site
							(including date and time); products you viewed or searched for;
							page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain
							pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks
							and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page
							and any phone number used to call our service number.</p>
						<p>2.3. We work closely with third parties including
							sub-contractors in technical and payment services, advertising
							networks, search information providers, credit reference agencies
							and any other companies we may work with in the future,
							including, but not limited to, utility providers, telecoms, banks
							and insurance companies and may receive information about you
							from them.</p>

						<h2>3. Cookies</h2>
						<p>3.1. Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other
							users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good
							experience when you browse our website and also allows us to
							improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies use and
							the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy at
							https://www.letserasmus.com/policies.</p>

						<h2>4. How do we use personal information?</h2>
						<p>4.1. We may use your personal information for the following
							purposes:</p>
						<p>(a) to manage and administer the Website;</p>
						<p>(b) to improve your browsing experience by personalizing
							the Website;</p>
						<p>(c) to assist in and administer the provision of our
							services to you, or if you are a guarantor, to administer your
							guarantee;</p>
						<p>(d) to send you newsletters and other relevant and targeted
							promotional communications;</p>
						<p>(e) to deal with enquiries, complaints and feedback from
							you and our service providers;</p>
						<p>(f) to notify you about changes to our service;</p>
						<p>(g) to provide third parties with statistical anonymized
							information about our users;</p>
						<p>(h) to investigate any suspected breaches of our Terms of
							Service or the breach of any other terms or conditions applicable
							to you;</p>
						<p>(i) to administer our site and for internal operations,
							including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research,
							statistical and survey purposes;</p>
						<p>(j) to improve our site to ensure that content is presented
							in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;</p>
						<p>(k) to allow you to participate in interactive features of
							our service, when you choose to do so;</p>
						<p>(l) as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and
							secure;</p>
						<p>(m) to measure or understand the effectiveness of
							advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant
							advertising to you;</p>
						<p>(n) to make suggestions and recommendations to you and
							other users of our site about goods or services that may interest
							you or them; and</p>
						<p>(o) to pass on information to third parties if the user
							expresses an interest to enable them to deal with the user’s
							enquiry/request.</p>
						<p>4.2. In particular, during the process of booking a room,
							we only request information that is necessary to enable us to
							allocate your room in accordance with your needs and to contact
							you directly.</p>

						<h2>5. When might we disclose personal information?</h2>
						<p>5.1. Except as set out below and to the extent required by
							any applicable law or governmental or judicial body, we will not
							disclose your personal information to any third party.</p>
						<p>5.2. We may pass your personal information to those of our
							employees and agents and those providing services on our behalf,
							where we consider that it is necessary for the performance of our
							services to you.</p>
						<p>5.3. We may also disclose your personal information to the
							accommodation provider who is providing your room.</p>
						<p>5.4. We may also disclose your personal information to
							insurers.</p>
						<p>5.5. We may share your information with credit reference
							agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where
							this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.</p>
						<p>5.6. We may provide general statistical information about
							our users including, sales patterns, traffic volumes and related
							matters to reputable third parties but these details will not
							include information personally identifying you.</p>
						<p>5.7. We may disclose your personal information to the
							police, regulatory bodies or legal advisers in connection with
							any alleged criminal offence or suspected breach of our Terms of
							Service and/or the breach of other terms and conditions otherwise
							relating to you or otherwise where required by law. We will
							co-operate with law enforcement agencies and will comply with any
							court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity
							of (or personal information relating to) any user breaching our
							Terms of Service and/or the breach of other terms and conditions
							otherwise relating to such user or otherwise for the prevention
							or detection of crime or the apprehension or prosecution of
							offenders.</p>
						<p>5.8. In the event that we sell or buy any business or
							assets we may disclose your personal data to the prospective
							seller or buyer of such business or assets.</p>
						<p>5.9. We may share your personal information with any third
							party such as utility providers, insurance, Wi-Fi or telecom
							companies who we engage for the purposes of providing you with a
							full “accommodation package”.</p>

						<h2>6. Where we store your personal data</h2>
						<p>6.1. We may transfer, store, use and process your
							information, including any Personal Information, to countries
							outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) including the
							United States and possibly other countries. It may also be
							processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or
							for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among
							other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of
							your payment details and the provision of support services. By
							submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer,
							storing or processing. Let’s Erasmus will take all steps
							reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely
							and in accordance with this privacy policy.</p>
						<p>6.2. All information you provide to us is stored on our
							secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using
							SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have
							chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of
							our site, you are responsible for keeping this password
							confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.</p>
						<p>6.3. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the
							internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best
							to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security
							of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your
							own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use
							strict procedures and security features to try to prevent
							unauthorized access.</p>

						<h2>7. Your rights</h2>
						<p>7.1. You have the right to ask us not to process your
							personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you
							(before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for
							such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any
							third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to
							prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we
							use to collect your data.</p>
						<p>7.2. Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and
							from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and
							affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please
							note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that
							we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these
							policies. Please check these policies before you submit any
							personal data to these websites.</p>

						<h2>8. Access to information</h2>
						<p>8.1. The Act gives you the right to access information held
							about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance
							with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of $10
							to meet our costs in providing you with details of the
							information we hold about you.</p>

						<h2>9. Changes to our privacy policy</h2>
						<p>9.1. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the
							future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate,
							notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see
							any updates or changes to our privacy policy.</p>

						<h2>10. Contact</h2>
						<p>
							10.1. Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy
							policy are welcomed, contact through <a href="#">here</a>.
						</p>

					</div>
				</div>


				<div id="refundpolicy" class="anchor">
					<div
						class="space-top-6 space-16 text-wrap col-sm-12 col-md-9 col-lg-10">
						<h1>Refund Policy</h1>
						<p>Last updated at: March 21, 2017</p>
						<h2>1. Our Refund Policy</h2>
						<p>1.1 Our refund policy applies if one of the 3 following
							options occurs:</p>
						<p>(a) A User decides to cancel the booking (after the Booking
							Request is accepted by the Accommodation Provider). The Refund
							Policy depends on the Cancellation Policy applicable to the
							booked Accommodation, displayed on each listing, as stated in our
							Terms of Service;</p>
						<p>(b) An Accommodation Provider decides to cancel the Booking
							(after Booking Request is accepted by the Accommodation
							Provider): the User is entitled to a full refund, in this case
							100%, of the 1st Rental Payment, One-time Service Fee; or</p>
						<p>(c) A User notifies a complaint to Let’s Erasmus: If the
							complaint is considered to be valid by Let’s Erasmus, Let’s
							Erasmus will decide (in its absolute discretion) on the amount to
							be refunded to the User. For the avoidance of doubt, Let’s
							Erasmus will not consider making a refund where the User is in
							material breach of the Terms of Service. For a complaint to be
							considered valid by Let’s Erasmus (acting reasonably), the User
							shall notify Let’s Erasmus within 24 hours after the Move In Date
							of such complaint and cooperate with Let’s Erasmus. The User has
							to prove that the Accommodation has materially different
							conditions from the ones advertised on our Website.</p>


					</div>
				</div>


				<div id="cookies" class="anchor">
					<div
						class="space-top-6 space-16 text-wrap col-sm-12 col-md-9 col-lg-10">
						<h1>Cookies</h1>
						<p>Last updated at: March 21, 2017</p>
						<h2>1. Our Use of Cookies and Web Beacons</h2>
						<p>1.1 Our Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other
							users of our Website. A cookie is a small text file that a
							website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit
							the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and
							preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display
							preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep
							re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse
							from one page to another.</p>
						<p>
							1.2 The data collected by cookies is anonymous. You can delete
							all cookies that are already on your computer's hard drive by
							searching for files with "cookie" in it and deleting them. In
							addition, if you want to stop cookies from being stored on your
							computer, you can edit your browser settings so that cookies are
							blocked. Unfortunately, if you block cookies you may not be able
							to use the full functionality of the Website. For more
							information about cookies, please visit: <a
								href="http://www.allaboutcookies.org/" target="_blank">www.allaboutcookies.org</a>.
						</p>
						<p>1.3 Cookies can be used to recognize you when you visit
							Let’s Erasmus, remember your preferences, and give you a tailored
							experience consistent with your settings. Cookies also make your
							interactions with Let’s Erasmus faster and more secure. On top of
							this, cookies enables us to bring you advertising off the Let’s
							Erasmus site.</p>
						<p>We use cookies for the following purposes:</p>
						<p>Authentication: If you're logged in to Let’s Erasmus or
							returning user, cookies help us show you the right information
							and present the same experiences as your previous settings.</p>
						<p>Preferences, features and services: Cookies can tell us
							which language you prefer and what your communications
							preferences are. They can help pre-fill any forms on Let’s
							Erasmus faster.</p>
						<p>Advertising: We may use cookies to show you advertising off
							the Let’s Erasmus site.</p>
						<p>Performance, Analytics and Research: Cookies help us learn
							how well our site performs in different locations. We also use
							cookies to understand, improve, and research products, features,
							and services. The services that Let’s Erasmus uses which require
							cookies are: Google Analytics, Impact Radius, Inspectlet, Vero,
							Kissmetrics, VWO, Let’s Erasmus own software, Stripe and
							Bluesnap.</p>
						<p>1.4 We also use web beacons, which consist of a small
							string of software code that represents a graphic image request
							on a page or email. There may or may not be a visible graphic
							image associated with the web beacon and often the image is
							designed to blend into the background of a page or email. Web
							beacons can be used for many purposes - including site traffic
							reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising auditing and
							reporting, and personalization. Web beacons used by the Website
							collect only anonymous data.</p>
						<p>1.5 In order to improve the Website and the services we
							offer you, we may use (temporary and persistent) cookies,
							authorized third parties cookies, web beacons and/or other
							technologies to collect non-personally identifiable data. This
							non-personally identifiable data helps us to track browsing
							behavior, to create specific or tailor-made offers or
							advertisements, and to monitor and record the visits and use of
							the Website.</p>
						<p>1.6 In order to understand how people use the Website and
							for marketing analysis and quality improvement purposes, we
							(and/or third party service providers) may collect, record,
							process and use on an anonymous basis certain information
							(including the total number of transactions, viewed pages,
							referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp information
							and details like the number and location of mouse clicks on a
							given page, mouse movements, scrolling activity and the search
							words) you use while being on and using the Website.</p>
						<p>1.7 If you continue to use the Website, you agree to our
							use of cookies.</p>
						<p>1.8 You can find more about cookies using the following
							resources:</p>
						<ul>
							<li>www.allaboutcookies.org</li>
							<li>http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm</li>
							<li>European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EU)</li>
							<li>Internet Advertising Bureau (EU)</li>
							<li>Network Advertising Initiative</li>
						</ul>

					</div>
				</div>


				<div id="cancellationpolcies" class="anchor">
					<div
						class="space-top-6 space-16 text-wrap col-sm-12 col-md-9 col-lg-10">
						<h1>Cancellation Policies</h1>

						<section id="twentyfour-refund" aria-labelledby="ui-id-3"
							role="tabpanel" aria-hidden="true"> <header> <strong>24-hour
							Refund Policy </strong> - Full refund including tenant service fee </header>
						<ul>
							<li>The cancellation policy applicable to each listing</li>
							<li>If there is a complaint from either party, notice must
								be given to Let’s Erasmus within 24 hours of move-in.</li>
							<li>Let’s Erasmus will mediate when necessary, and has the
								final say in all disputes.</li>
							<li>A reservation is officially canceled when the guest
								clicks the cancellation button on the cancellation confirmation
								page, which they can find in Dashboard > Your Trips > Cancel.</li>
							<li>Cancellation policies may be superseded by the
								extenuating circumstances, or cancellations by Let’s Erasmus for
								any other reason permitted under the Terms of Service. Please
								review these exceptions.</li>
						</ul>
						<ul class="cancellation twentyfour">
							<li class="full"><span>Within 24 hours of move-in</span> <span
								class="inner-graph">100% full refund including tenant
									service fee</span></li>
						</ul>

						</section>
						<section id="flexible" aria-labelledby="ui-id-1" role="tabpanel"
							aria-hidden="false" style="display: block;"> <header>
						<strong>Flexible </strong> - Full 1st rent's payment refund up to
						30 days prior to contract start </header>
						<ul>
							<li>The cancellation policy applicable to each offer is
								selected by the Host.</li>
							<li>The Let’s Erasmus service fee is non-refundable.</li>
							<li>Let's Erasmus is not liable for any refund of the
								holding deposit. In case of cancellation, the accommodation
								provider has the final decision regarding the refund of the
								holding deposit.</li>
							<li>If there is a complaint from either party, notice must
								be given to Let’s Erasmus within 24 hours of check-in.</li>
							<li>Let’s Erasmus will mediate when necessary, and has the
								final say in all disputes.</li>
							<li>A reservation is officially canceled when the guest
								clicks the cancellation button on the cancellation confirmation
								page, which they can find in Dashboard > Your Trips > Cancel.</li>
							<li>Cancellation policies may be superseded by the
								extenuating circumstances, or cancellations by Let’s Erasmus for
								any other reason permitted under the Terms of Service. Please
								review these exceptions.</li>
						</ul>

						<ul class="cancellation flexible">
							<li class="full"><span>Up to 30 days</span> <span
								class="inner-graph">100% refund of 1st rent's payment</span></li>
							<li class="half"><span>Up to 15 days</span> <span
								class="inner-graph">50% refund of 1st rent's payment</span></li>
							<li class="none"><span>Up to contract start</span> <span
								class="inner-graph">No refund</span></li>
						</ul>

						</section>
						<section id="moderate" aria-labelledby="ui-id-2" role="tabpanel"
							aria-hidden="true"> <header> <strong>Moderate
						</strong> - Full 1st rent's payment refund up to 60 days prior to contract
						start </header>
						<ul>
							<li>The cancellation policy applicable to each offer is
								selected by the Host.</li>
							<li>The Let’s Erasmus service fee is non-refundable.</li>
							<li>Let's Erasmus is not liable for any refund of the
								holding deposit. In case of cancellation, the accommodation
								provider has the final decision regarding the refund of the
								holding deposit.</li>
							<li>If there is a complaint from either party, notice must
								be given to Let’s Erasmus within 24 hours of check-in.</li>
							<li>Let’s Erasmus will mediate when necessary, and has the
								final say in all disputes.</li>
							<li>A reservation is officially canceled when the guest
								clicks the cancellation button on the cancellation confirmation
								page, which they can find in Dashboard > Your Trips > Cancel.</li>
							<li>Cancellation policies may be superseded by the
								extenuating circumstances, or cancellations by Let’s Erasmus for
								any other reason permitted under the Terms of Service. Please
								review these exceptions.</li>
						</ul>
						<ul class="cancellation moderate">
							<li class="full"><span>Up to 60 days</span> <span
								class="inner-graph">100% refund of 1st rent's payment</span></li>
							<li class="half"><span>Up to 30 days</span> <span
								class="inner-graph">50% refund of 1st rent's payment</span></li>
							<li class="none"><span>Up to contract start</span> <span
								class="inner-graph">No refund</span></li>
						</ul>

						</section>

						<section id="strict" aria-labelledby="ui-id-3" role="tabpanel"
							aria-hidden="true"> <header> <strong>Strict
						</strong> - Full 1st rent's payment refund up to 90 days prior to contract
						start </header>
						<ul>
							<li>The cancellation policy applicable to each offer is
								selected by the Host.</li>
							<li>The Let’s Erasmus service fee is non-refundable.</li>
							<li>Let's Erasmus is not liable for any refund of the
								holding deposit. In case of cancellation, the accommodation
								provider has the final decision regarding the refund of the
								holding deposit.</li>
							<li>If there is a complaint from either party, notice must
								be given to Let’s Erasmus within 24 hours of check-in.</li>
							<li>Let’s Erasmus will mediate when necessary, and has the
								final say in all disputes.</li>
							<li>A reservation is officially canceled when the guest
								clicks the cancellation button on the cancellation confirmation
								page, which they can find in Dashboard > Your Trips > Cancel.</li>
							<li>Cancellation policies may be superseded by the
								extenuating circumstances, or cancellations by Let’s Erasmus for
								any other reason permitted under the Terms of Service. Please
								review these exceptions.</li>
						</ul>
						<ul class="cancellation strict">
							<li class="full"><span>Up to 90 days</span> <span
								class="inner-graph">100% refund of 1st rent's payment</span></li>
							<li class="half"><span>Up to 30 days</span> <span
								class="inner-graph">50% refund of 1st rent's payment</span></li>
							<li class="none"><span>Up to contract start</span> <span
								class="inner-graph">No refund</span></li>
						</ul>

						</section>

					</div>

				</div>





			</div>
		</div>
		<script>
		var _targetdiv = null;
		function showdiv(id) {
		    if(_targetdiv)
		        _targetdiv.style.display = 'none';
		    _targetdiv = document.getElementById('termsofservice');
		    _targetdiv.style.display = 'none';
		    _targetdiv = document.getElementById(id);
		    _targetdiv.style.display = 'block';
		};
		</script>

	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>