<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" template="/pages/Template.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="head">
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"
			href="#{webApplication.urlPrefix}/static/css/helpcenter.css" />
		<link rel="stylesheet"
			href="//code.jquery.com/ui/1.12.1/themes/base/jquery-ui.css" />
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="body">
		<div
			class="media-photo media-photo-block help-search-container help-search-container-banner">
			<div class="media-cover background-cover dls-help-search-bg"></div>
			<div class="va-container va-container-v va-container-h">
				<div class="va-middle text-center text-contrast">
					<div class="hide-sm">
						<h1 class="space-6 dls-title-1">How can we help?</h1>
					</div>
					<div class="page-container-responsive">
						<div class="row">
							<form
								class="help-search-form col-sm-12 col-md-10 col-md-offset-1"
								action="https://www.airbnb.com/help/search" method="GET">
								<div id="help-search-container">
									<div data-reactroot=""
										class="text-left search-container mobile-autosuggest">
										<div>
											<div class="search-input-container">
												<div class="icon icon-search search-input-inner-container">
													<input type="text" aria-label="Search help articles"
														class="search-input dls-search-input" name="q"
														autocomplete="off" maxlength="1024" value=""
														placeholder="Ask a question or search by keyword">
													</input> <input type="hidden" name="sid"
														value="7a6da6ae-10e4-4578-b0d8-24e3ab6830d7"></input>
												</div>
											</div>
										</div>
									</div>
								</div>
							</form>
						</div>
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>

		<div
			class="page-container page-container-responsive page-container-sm-full">
			<div class="row space-top-8 space-top-sm-2">
				<div class="col-md-2 left-menu">
					<div class="navtree dls-help-center">
						<ul class="sidenav-list navtree-list" role="navigation"
							id="navtree-0" style="display: block; left: 0px;">
							<li><a class="sidenav-item" onclick="showdiv('faqhelp');"
								href="#">FAQ</a></li>
							<li><a class="sidenav-item"
								onclick="showdiv('profilehelp');" href="#">Profile</a></li>
							<li><a class="sidenav-item"
								onclick="showdiv('hostinghelp');" href="#">Hosting</a></li>
							<li><a class="sidenav-item"
								onclick="showdiv('travellinghelp');" href="#">Travelling</a></li>
							<li><a class="sidenav-item"
								onclick="showdiv('reviewshelp');" href="#">Reviews</a></li>
							<li><a class="sidenav-item" onclick="showdiv('trusthelp');"
								href="#">Trust&amp;Safety</a></li>
							<li><a class="sidenav-item" onclick="showdiv('taxeshelp');"
								href="#">Taxes</a></li>
							<li><a class="sidenav-item"
								onclick="showdiv('contacthelp');" href="#">Contact</a></li>
						</ul>


					</div>


				</div>



				<div id="profilehelp">
					<div id="content"
						class="col-sm-12 col-sm-offset-0 col-md-10 col-offset-1 help-content text-copy navtree-content breadcrumbs-content">
						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">How do I create an account?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>
									If you don't have an Let's Erasmus account yet, go to <a
										href="https://www.letserasmus.com/">letserasmus.com</a> and
									click <strong>Sign Up</strong>.
								</p>
								<p>You can sign up using your email address, Facebook
									account, Google account. Signing up and creating a Let's
									Erasmus account is free.</p>
								<p>After you sign up, be sure to complete your account
									information before booking a reservation.</p>
							</div>
						</div>


					</div>
				</div>


				<div id="hostinghelp">
					<div id="content"
						class="col-sm-12 col-sm-offset-0 col-md-10 col-offset-1 help-content text-copy navtree-content breadcrumbs-content">
						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Who can host on Let's Erasmus?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>Anyone can add listing! It’s free to sign up and list
									your space. The listings available on the site are as diverse
									as the hosts who list them, so you can post entire houses,
									private rooms or shared rooms.</p>
								<p>You can list your space in almost any location worldwide.
									While we would like to keep the Let's Erasmus marketplace open
									to the entire world, we are required to comply with
									international regulations that restrict the use of our site by
									residents of certain countries.</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Are there any restrictions
							about what can be listed?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Let's Erasmus welcomes many different kinds of listings
									on our site as long as they meet the following criteria:</p>
								<p>The space is only used for lodging</p>
								<p>The space is accurately represented, located where the
									host says it is, and is bookable by the host</p>
								<p>Listings that don’t meet these criteria include:</p>
								<p>Any listing whose primary purpose isn’t serving as a
									lodging</p>
								<p>
									If we discover a listing that doesn’t meet our guidelines, we
									may exercise our discretion to limit, suspend, deactivate, or
									cancel the host's account. Refer to our <a href="#">Terms
										of Service</a> for more information and other requirements for
									listing your space on Let's Erasmus.
								</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">What legal and regulatory
							issues should I consider before hosting on Let's Erasmus?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>When deciding whether to become an Let's Erasmus host,
									it's important for you to understand how the laws work in your
									city.</p>
								<p>Some cities have laws that restrict your ability to host
									paying guests for short periods. These laws are often part of a
									city's zoning or administrative codes. In many cities, you must
									register, get a permit, or obtain a license before you list
									your property or accept guests. Certain types of short-term
									bookings may be prohibited altogether. Local governments vary
									greatly in how they enforce these laws. Penalties may include
									fines or other enforcement.</p>
								<p>Please review your local laws before listing your space
									on Let's Erasmus.</p>
								<p>
									By accepting our <a href="#">Terms of Service</a> and
									activating a listing, you certify that you will follow your
									local laws and regulations.
								</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">What are some things I should
							consider before hosting long-term guests?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>While it’s not a requirement, we strongly advise that you
									do. You should also avoid non-verbal agreements (get it in
									writing!) at the very least.</p>
								<p>If you want guests to sign a rental agreement, you should
									make these requirements clear in your House Rules before
									finalizing a booking. Laws governing these subjects vary widely
									depending on where you live, so be sure to contact a
									landlord-tenant attorney familiar with your local laws and
									regulations.</p>
								<p>Rent control is a special set of laws that includes
									limits on rent increases and eviction restrictions. Some local
									rent control laws may override state law, and while many states
									or local jurisdictions do not have rent control, other laws may
									still protect tenants. For these reasons, we recommend you
									contact your local Rent board, Department of Consumer Affairs,
									Attorney General, or other agencies to learn more about rent
									control and rent stabilization and how these rules might impact
									a long-term reservation.</p>

							</div>
						</div>


						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">What are Let’s Erasmus’s rules
							about electronic surveillance devices in listings?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>All members of the Let’s Erasmus community respect each
									other’s privacy. More specifically, we require hosts to
									disclose all cameras in listings and we prohibit any
									surveillance devices in certain private spaces (such as
									bedrooms and bathrooms) regardless of whether they’ve been
									disclosed.</p>
								<p>If you’re a host and you have any type of surveillance
									device in or around a listing, even if it’s not turned on or
									hooked up, we require that you let guests know by including
									this information clearly in your listing description and
									photographs. If a host discloses the device after booking,
									Let’s Erasmus will allow the guest to cancel the reservation
									and receive a refund. Host cancellation penalties may apply.</p>
								<p>If you’re a guest, our Standards Expectations require
									that you not spy on other people, or otherwise violate others’
									privacy. Our policy prohibits the use of a surveillance device
									by a guest to monitor a host or any third party present in the
									listing without the consent of that person. We encourage you to
									discuss the use of surveillance devices using Let’s Erasmus’s
									messaging feature.</p>
								<p>Violating this policy may result in your suspension or
									removal from the Let’s Erasmus community. In addition, you
									should ensure that your use of surveillance equipment is
									consistent with applicable local laws and regulations.</p>
								<p>
									<strong>What's considered a surveillance device</strong>
								</p>
								<p>Any mechanism that can be used to capture or transmit
									audio, video, or still images is considered a surveillance
									device. This includes but is not limited to things like Wi-Fi
									cameras (e.g. Nest Cam or Dropcam), nanny cameras, web cameras
									in computer monitors, baby monitors, mounted or installed
									surveillance systems, and smart phones with video and/or audio
									recording capabilities.</p>

							</div>
						</div>


						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Can I update my listing
							description or amenities after a guest books a reservation?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Guests with pending or confirmed reservations won’t see
									any updates or changes you’ve made to your listing.</p>
								<p>When making a reservation, guests search for and book
									listings that meet their specific travel needs. As a host,
									you’re responsible for making sure your listing is represented
									accurately at the time of the booking.</p>
								<p>If you’ve removed an amenity your upcoming guest was
									expecting, message your guest immediately. If they no longer
									wish to keep the reservation, you'll be responsible for
									cancelling it so your guest can re-book elsewhere.</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">How do I edit my listing?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>To edit your listing:</p>
								<p>Go to Your Listings on letserasmus.com</p>
								<p>
									Click <strong>Edit</strong> button under the listing you want
									to edit.
								</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">How should I choose my
							listing's price?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>The price you charge for your listing is completely up to
									you. To inform your decision about what price to set, you can
									search for comparable listings in your city or neighborhood to
									get an idea of market prices.</p>

							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">What do the different room
							types mean?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Let’s Erasmus listings are categorized into the following
									room types:</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Shared rooms:</strong> Guests share the entire space
									with you or others and don't have a private room to themselves.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Private rooms:</strong> Guests share some common areas
									with you, like the kitchen, living room, or bathroom, but they
									have their own private room for sleeping.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Entire homes/apartments:</strong> Guests rent the
									entire unit and don't have to share the space with you or with
									anyone else.
								</p>
								<p>As a host, you're responsible for accurately describing
									your listing, so make sure you choose the appropriate room
									type.</p>
							</div>
						</div>


						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Can I edit my listing address
							or map location?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>If the address or map location of your listing is
									incorrect, you can correct the information in the Your Listings
									section of your account. If you want to edit your address
									because you've moved or you're listing a new place, you’ll need
									to create a new listing instead.:</p>
								<p>Your exact address will only be seen by guests with
									confirmed reservations.</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Note:</strong> If you change your address after
									accepting a reservation, you’ll need to send your guest a
									message with the updated location.
								</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">How do I list multiple rooms?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>If you want to list multiple rooms in your house, you can
									create a separate listing for each space you have available.
									Each room will have its own listing page that should accurately
									reflect the number of beds and amenities, as well as what space
									will be shared with others.</p>
								<p>
									To create a new listing, log in to letserasmus.com and click <strong>Become
										a Host</strong> button at the header menu.
								</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">How do I deactivate my listing?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>If you don’t want to receive any inquiries or requests,
									you can deactivate your listing.</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Temporarily deactivate your listing</strong>
								</p>
								<p>To deactivate your listing:</p>
								<p>
									Go to Your Listings and click <strong>Deactivate</strong> under
									the listing you want to deactivate
								</p>
								<p>You can reactivate your listing at any time from the Your
									Listings page.</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Permanently deactivate your listing</strong>
								</p>
								<p>To permanently deactivate your listing:</p>
								<p>
									Go to Your Listings and click <strong>Delete</strong> under the
									listing you want to deactivate
								</p>
								<p>You won't be able to permanently deactivate your listing
									if you have any upcoming reservations or reservation requests.
									Past reviews of your listing will remain on your public
									profile—they cannot be removed.</p>


							</div>
						</div>


						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">How can I make my listing
							photos look their best?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>High-quality photos are a great way to showcase your
									space and help set guests’ expectations.</p>
								<p>Here are a few tips for taking your own photos:</p>
								<p>
									<strong>A few photos are better than none:</strong> Start by
									some of your own photos when you create a new listing—cell
									phone photos are fine.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Resolution matters:</strong> Take photos that are at
									least 1024 x 683px. When in doubt, a bigger photo is better.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Take your photos in landscape format:</strong> Vertical
									photos won’t showcase your space as well.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Set the scene:</strong> Clean up, remove clutter and
									pretend you’re preparing for your first guest.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Take photos during the day:</strong> Open the blinds
									and turn on the lights to brighten your space.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Highlight unique amenities:</strong> Guests love to
									stay in spaces with character. Consider including photos of
									your space's exterior, too.
								</p>

							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">How do I confirm that guests
							can see my listing?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>You can see how your listing appears in search results by
									searching for it yourself. Keep in mind that each guest will
									see different results when searching based on the preferences
									they add, their past booking history, and other search
									criteria.</p>
								<p>Go to letserasmus.com and enter the location of your
									listing</p>
								<p>
									Select dates that you’ve confirmed are available and click <strong>Search</strong>
								</p>
								<p>On the results page, use search filters to narrow down to
									a set of listings you can easily look through to find your own</p>
								<p>Keep in mind that the location pins on the map are
									approximate, so that people don’t know exactly where a listing
									is until they have confirmed a reservation.</p>

							</div>
						</div>



						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">How do I view and send
							messages?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>Messaging on Let’s Erasmus starts when a guest makes an
									inquiry or reservation request. Afterward, all messages related
									to that inquiry or reservation request will appear in your
									inbox.</p>
								<p>On letserasmus.com, go to your Messages</p>
								<p>In your inbox, you'll see a message thread for each
									inquiry or reservation.</p>
								<p>Click on a message thread to view old messages or send a
									new one.</p>

							</div>
						</div>


						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Can I decline booking inquires
							or reservation requests?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>You can decline any booking inquiries or reservations
									that you can’t accommodate, but you should do so within 48
									hours.</p>
								<p>If you change your mind and would like to accommodate a
									reservation you declined, ask the guest to send a new request.</p>
							</div>
						</div>



						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">What should I do if I'm
							uncomfortable hosting someone?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>Your safety is always a priority. If you find that a
									guest is breaking one of the House Rules you’ve set or has made
									you feel unsafe through their actions, you can decline their
									reservation request or cancel the reservation.</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Before you've accepted a reservation</strong>
								</p>
								<p>We encourage you to take advantage of the safety features
									we've built to help give you peace of mind and help you get to
									know potential guests.</p>
								<p>Declining an individual reservation request won't
									negatively impact your listing's placement in search results</p>
								<p>
									<strong>After you've accepted a reservation</strong>
								</p>
								<p>If you've already accepted the reservation, you can
									cancel it. You may be subject to cancellation penalties.</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Flagging inappropriate messages</strong>
								</p>
								<p>If a message from a guest makes you uncomfortable, let us
									know by flagging it. To flag a message, open the message thread
									and click the flag icon next to the message you want to flag to
									Let’s Erasmus for review.</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Remember:</strong> In an emergency situation, or if
									your personal safety is threatened, contact local police or
									emergency services immediately.
								</p>

							</div>
						</div>


						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">What should I do if a guest
							wants to see my place before booking?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>Typically, Let’s Erasmus only releases contact
									information for hosts and guests after a reservation is
									confirmed.</p>
								<p>If a guest requests a viewing of your space before they
									book, encourage them to review your listing description and
									photos, and be available to answer any additional questions
									they have about your space.</p>
								<p>Reservation and payment also needs to be made directly
									through the Let’s Erasmus platform. This helps ensure that
									you're protected under our Terms of Service, cancellation and
									refund policies.</p>
							</div>
						</div>


						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">What if my guest doesn't show
							up for their reservation?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>If you’re having trouble getting in touch with your guest
									before their arrival you may want to try contacting them using
									a different form of communication. We list the available
									contact info for your guest on the trip itinerary.</p>
								<p>To check the itinerary:</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Let’s Erasmus message:</strong> Find your guest in your
									Messages and send them a note
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Email or phone:</strong> Go to Your Reservations, click
									on the reservation, and use the email address or phone number
									listed
								</p>
								<p>Keep in mind that many guests don’t have access to a
									phone or have an alternate phone number while traveling, or
									they may also be in-transit or encountering travel delays that
									will affect their arrival time.</p>
								<p>If your guest decides to cancel or not show up for an
									active reservation, we’ll uphold your cancellation policy, and
									your payout will be released 48 hours after the originally
									scheduled check-in. A reservation is active if the reservation
									status shows as Accepted in Your Reservations.</p>


							</div>
						</div>


						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">What does each reservation
							status mean?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>If you want to see the status of your reservation, you
									can find your status in your Inbox on the right side of the
									message thread with the guest or host.</p>
								<p>Once you’ve found your status, you can see the details of
									the status below.</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Reservation Request:</strong> A guest sent a message to
									a host by submitting a booking request for specific dates. In
									response, the host will need to either accept or decline the
									request within 48 hours before it expires.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Pending:</strong> A guest is waiting for a host to
									respond to a reservation request. The host has 48 hours to
									respond before the request expires.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Confirmed:</strong> A host accepted a guest's
									reservation request. Let’s Erasmus has collected full payment
									from the guest and the booking is complete.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Declined:</strong> A host declined a guest's
									reservation request. No charge is made to the guest.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Expired:</strong> A host took more than 48 hours to
									respond to a pending reservation request.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Canceled:</strong> A host or guest canceled a confirmed
									reservation.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Awaiting Payment:</strong> A host chose to accept a
									guest's reservation request, but the guest's payment didn’t go
									through. The guest has 24 hours to successfully update their
									payment information for the reservation to be accepted.
									Otherwise, the reservation will be canceled without penalty.
								</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Closed:</strong> The guest is no longer looking for a
									place to stay for the dates they requested.
								</p>

							</div>
						</div>



						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">What do I do after I receive a
							reservation request?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>You have 48 hours to accept or decline a reservation
									request before it expires. While a request is pending, the
									dates are automatically blocked on your calendar, so other
									guests can’t request them.</p>

								<p>
									<strong>Accept or decline the reservation</strong>
								</p>
								<p>Accept or decline the reservation on your desktop. You
									can also message the guest to review trip details before
									accepting or declining their request. A message doesn’t count
									as a response to a request.</p>
								<p>If you accept, we’ll automatically update your calendar
									and schedule your payout for 48 hours after check-in.</p>
								<p>If you decline, you may want to update your calendar to
									avoid receiving other requests for the same dates.</p>
								<p>
									<strong>Expired reservation requests</strong>
								</p>
								<p>If you don’t accept or decline a request within 48 hours
									it expires.</p>

							</div>
						</div>



						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Can hosts ask guests to sign a
							contract?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>Yes. Some hosts require guests to sign contracts or
									rental agreements prior to check-in.</p>
								<p>
									<strong>For hosts</strong>
								</p>
								<p>If you require guests to sign a contract, you must
									disclose the actual contract terms to them prior to booking.
									The easiest way to do this is to mention the contract in your
									listing's description, and include the terms in your message
									thread with the guest.</p>
								<p>Let’s Erasmus can't help enforce any special policies in
									your contract.</p>
								<p>
									<strong>For guests</strong>
								</p>
								<p>Hosts may ask you to sign a contract, but they must
									disclose this requirement and its terms prior to booking.</p>
								<p>If you’re not comfortable with the contract, you may want
									to discuss your concerns with the host or look for another
									place to stay.</p>
								<p>If your host asks you to sign a contract that you weren’t
									notified about before you made the reservation, you can decline
									to sign the contract and ask your host to cancel your
									reservation instead.</p>


							</div>
						</div>


						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Can I change the price of a
							pending or confirmed reservation?</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">
								<p>If you update price of listing, the changes will only
									apply to future reservation requests.</p>

							</div>
						</div>








					</div>
				</div>


				<div id="travellinghelp">
					<div id="content"
						class="col-sm-12 col-sm-offset-0 col-md-10 col-offset-1 help-content text-copy navtree-content breadcrumbs-content">
						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Section 4</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,
									sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
									aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
									ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Section 5</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,
									sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
									aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
									ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Section 6</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,
									sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
									aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
									ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
							</div>
						</div>
					</div>
				</div>


				<div id="reviewshelp">
					<div id="content"
						class="col-sm-12 col-sm-offset-0 col-md-10 col-offset-1 help-content text-copy navtree-content breadcrumbs-content">
						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Section 4</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,
									sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
									aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
									ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Section 5</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,
									sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
									aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
									ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Section 6</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,
									sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
									aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
									ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
							</div>
						</div>
					</div>
				</div>

				<div id="trusthelp">
					<div id="content"
						class="col-sm-12 col-sm-offset-0 col-md-10 col-offset-1 help-content text-copy navtree-content breadcrumbs-content">
						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Section 4</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,
									sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
									aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
									ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Section 5</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,
									sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
									aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
									ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Section 6</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,
									sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
									aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
									ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
							</div>
						</div>
					</div>
				</div>


				<div id="taxeshelp">
					<div id="content"
						class="col-sm-12 col-sm-offset-0 col-md-10 col-offset-1 help-content text-copy navtree-content breadcrumbs-content">
						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Section 4</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,
									sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
									aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
									ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Section 5</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,
									sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
									aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
									ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
							</div>
						</div>

						<button class="accordion icon icon-guide-book">Section 6</button>
						<div class="panel-help">
							<div class="col-padding">

								<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,
									sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
									aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
									ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
							</div>
						</div>
					</div>
				</div>









			</div>
		</div>
		<script src="#{webApplication.urlPrefix}/static/js/helpaccordion.js"></script>

	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>